Submission Checklist
 Repository Link Submitted: You have submitted your GitHub repository URL in the format https://github.com/username/reponame via the Microsoft Forms link above.

 Agents file included from the start: You have had the correct AGENTS.md in the root of your repository from the start.

 Correct Notebook Name: Your primary submission file is located in the root of the repository and is named exactly problems.ipynb (all lowercase, no spaces).

 Essential Files: Your repository includes a .gitignore, a README.md with setup instructions, and a requirements.txt listing all necessary Python packages (e.g., numpy).

 Notebook Cell Order: You have restarted the kernel and run all cells in your notebook to ensure they execute in sequential order (1, 2, 3...) without errors, providing a clean and reproducible output.

 Folder Organization: Any extra files are organized into subfolders; specifically, any datasets are in a /data folder and any images, plots, or diagrams are in an /img folder.

 Repository Tidiness: You have removed all irrelevant files (e.g., .DS_Store, __pycache__, local checkpoints, or temporary scratchpads).

 Environment Reproducibility: When someone clones your repo, they will likely use the following workflow. Ensure your README.md and requirements.txt make this process seamless:

1. git clone <repo-url>
2. pip install -r requirements.txt
3. jupyter notebook problems.ipynb


Marking Scheme
Your submission will be assessed across the following five equally-weighted categories. Make sure you provide clear evidence within your repository of the criteria listed. A good submission will meet most of the criteria in each category. An excellent submission will demonstrably meet all the criteria. Note that the overall impression your submission makes may influence marks in each category.

Presentation
Your repository should be well-organized, with a clear and logical structure.
Your README.md should clearly explain the purpose of your repository and how to run any code it contains.
Your notebook should present a clear narrative, making it easy to follow your thought process.
A knowledgeable expert reviewing your repository should be able to understand its contents without your help.

Research
Your submission should demonstrate research on relevant topics, showing an understanding of the material.
You should build upon existing literature and documentation rather than just presenting basic solutions.
References and comparisons to similar work should be included.
References should be put into context - how and why they are relevant to your submission.

Documentation
Your repository should contain standard files, such as a README.md, to provide context for your work.
All concepts should be clearly and concisely explained within your notebooks.
Code should include informative comments that clarify its purpose and functionality.
Your README.md and notebook should have clear headings and provide a clear context for their contents.

Development
Your code should be efficient and well-structured, effectively addressing the problem at hand.
Standard programming structures, algorithms, and testing methods should be applied where appropriate.
The overall architecture of your code should be clean, demonstrating good coding practices.
Your code should demonstrate your knowledge of established style conventions and norms.

Consistency
Each commit should focus clearly on a single unit of work.
Your commit history should show consistent activity across the assessment period, not a burst of late submissions.
Your repository should demonstrate incremental review and refinement rather than one-off completion.
Commits should capture improvements to both code quality and explanations over time.